Review/ts 1 final version (#11) (#359)
eu-digital-identity-wallet/eudi-doc-standards-and-technical-specifications: docs/technical-specifications/ts1-eudi-wallet-trust-mark.md

| Reference      | Description |
|----------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| [WCAG 2.1 ]                            | [Web Content Accessibility Guide\sion 2.1](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/) |
| [Issuance WUA Specification]           | [Specification of Wallet Unit Attestations (WUA) used in issuance of PID and Attestations](https://github.com/eu-digital-identity-wallet/eudi-doc-standards-and-technical-specifications/blob/main/docs/technical-specifications/ts3-wallet-unit-attestation.md)                                     |

> |  [OpenID4VCI]                          | [OpenID For Verifiable Credential Issuance v1.0](https://openid.net/specs/openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.html)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  [OpenID4VCI]                          | [OpenID For Verifiable Credential Issuance v1.0](https://github.com/eu-digital-identity-wallet/eudi-doc-standards-and-technical-specifications/issues/3)  |
```
